hey everyone today I'm going to show you
the Hot Wheels City skyscraper spiral
playset this comes with one car and it
connects with the Hot Wheels track
system here's a look at the back of the
box now let's open it up inside the box
we have the main playset itself all in
one piece we also get a bag of
accessories here's the instruction
manual for the set here's the break
through wall accessory and we have the
one included vehicle asphalt assault now
the place that itself is very easy to
assemble there are no small parts and
everything is attached to the main base
all it takes is a few clicks and you can
have the set ready to play in under a
minute
the only separate piece is the break
through wall accessory which can be
attached at any of the connection points
and here's what the set looks like fully
assembled